Clarify CharacterBody usage (#11565)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/physics/using_character_body_2d.rst

have to write some code to create their behavior, it also means you have more
precise control over how they move and react.

> Despite it's name ``CharacterBody2D``, it can also be used for other physics objects that requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite its name ``CharacterBody2D``, it can also be used for other physics objects that require
```
